New hosts UI features (#1736)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_changing-the-content-source-of-a-host.adoc

= Changing the Content Source of a Host

A content source is a {SmartProxy} that a host consumes content from. 

> Use this procedure to change the content source for the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this procedure to change the content source for a host.
```
Please also update title, anchor, and xrefs accordingly.

Use this procedure to change the content source for a host.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts* > *All Hosts*.
. Select the checkbox of one or more hosts whose content source you want to change. 
. From the *Select Action* list, select *Change Content Source*.
. From the *Environment* list, select the new environment for your host.
. From the *Content View* list, select the new Content View for your host.
. From the *Content Source* list, select the new {SmartProxy} for your host.
. Click *Change content source*. 

You can either complete the content source change using remote execution or manually. 
To update configuration on host using remote execution, click *Run job invocation*. 
For more information about running remote execution jobs, see {ManagingHostsDocURL}configuring-and-setting-up-remote-jobs_managing-hosts[Configuring and Setting up Remote Jobs]. 

> To update the content source manually, enter the autogenerated commands in *Change content source* on the host.

Reviewer 2: Why remove this section? Did it move somewhere else?

> . Click the name of the hosts you want to modify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the name of the host you want to modify.
```

> . Click the vertical ellipsis icon next to the *Edit* button, then clicking *Change content source*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the vertical ellipsis icon next to the *Edit* button and select *Change content source*.
```

> . Select the *Environment*, the *Content View*, and the *Content Source*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select Environment, Content View, and Content Source from the lists.
```

= Changing the Content Source of a Host

A content source is a {SmartProxy} that a host consumes content from. 
Use this procedure to change the content source for a host.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts* > *All Hosts*.
. Click the name of the host you want to modify.
. Click the vertical ellipsis icon next to the *Edit* button and select *Change content source*.
. Select Environment, Content View, and Content Source from the lists.
. Click *Change content source*.

You can either complete the content source change using remote execution or manually. 
To update configuration on host using remote execution, click *Run job invocation*. 
For more information about running remote execution jobs, see {ManagingHostsDocURL}configuring-and-setting-up-remote-jobs_managing-hosts[Configuring and Setting up Remote Jobs]. 

> To update the content source manually, enter the autogenerated commands in *Change content source* on the host.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To update the content source manually, execute the autogenerated commands from *Change content source* on the host.
```
